Matt Condon 

Web Developer, Programmer, Engineer


http://mat.tc 
http://github.com/Shrugs 

m@cond.in

	

Software Engineering Intern (Developer Platform), Google; New York – May 2015 - July 2015


	 At Google I worked on Swift quickstarts and sample code for developers, wrote software for a 
bullet time rig made of Nexus 6 phones, and introduced Apps Script to the wonderful world of 
modern web development.


	 hackNY Mentor, hackNY; New York – Summer 2015


	 I mentored a group of 34 hackNY Fellows as they thrived in the NY tech scene. We spent the 
summer visiting startups, exploring the city, scavenger hunting, and hanging out.


	Software Engineering Intern, IFTTT; San Francisco – February 2015 - May 2015

	At IFTTT I worked on the platform team, building the partner-facing interface, including some 
dope analytics and metrics. I also shipped Two Factor Auth and tons of minor ﬁxes.


	hackNY Fellow, hackNY; New York – Summer 2014

	 I lived and worked in New York for a summer, hanging out with an amazing set of people and 
mentors. We talked with leaders in the NY tech scene and did awesome stuﬀ 24/7.


	

Software Engineering Intern; Magnetic, York – May 2014 - August 2014


	 Another intern and I built out a new method of gleaning context from pageviews. Relevant 

information is automatically harvested when a user loads the page, massively increasing the 
amount and quality of information Magnetic can use to do intelligent ad bidding.


	 Software Engineering Intern, Grooveshark; Gainesville, Florida – Summer 2013

	 At Grooveshark, I managed and developed a user-friendly analytics dashboard while living 

and working with some of the best people I’ve known.


Side Projects	
	

Askey – http://askeyapp.com

A Very Important Keyboard App that turns drawings into ASCII text perfect for sending via a 
variety of iOS messaging applications.


	
	

ﬁvestar – http://ﬁvestar.io

ﬁvestar highlights the best Amazon products, broken down by budget. It’ll save you literally 
seconds every time you want to buy something on Amazon but don’t want to research prices.


Hackathon Prizes	

hackNY, MHacks, PennApps, Comedy Hack Day, LAHacks, Bitcamp, AngelHack, Video Hack 
Day, GeauxHack, HackMIT


Skills	
	
	
	
	
	
	

Frontend VanillaJS, React, Polymer

Backend Python/Flask, Ruby/Rails, Node/Express

iOS Swift, Carthage, SnapKit/Masonry

Databases PostgreSQL, MySQL, MongoDB, Redis

Deployment AWS, Heroku, DigitalOcean, Docker

Data pandas, numpy, iPython

Hardware IoT, Arduino, Intel Edison, FPGA

